guildinfo.id                                     : guildinfo.id

guildinfo.details.data_version                   : guildinfo.d.dv
guildinfo.details.general.guild_creation         : guildinfo.d.g.gc
guildinfo.details.general.guild_addition         : guildinfo.d.g.ga
guildinfo.details.general.icon                   : guildinfo.d.g.i
guildinfo.details.general.name                   : guildinfo.d.g.n
guildinfo.details.general.owner                  : guildinfo.d.g.o
guildinfo.details.general.force_dms              : guildinfo.d.g.fd
guildinfo.details.bot.cluster                    : guildinfo.d.b.c
guildinfo.details.bot.has_donator                : guildinfo.d.b.hd
guildinfo.details.bot.shard                      : guildinfo.d.b.sh
guildinfo.details.bot.locale                     : guildinfo.d.b.l
guildinfo.details.bot.splash                     : guildinfo.d.b.s
guildinfo.details.bot.show_staff                 : guildinfo.d.b.ss
guildinfo.details.bot.allow_invite               : guildinfo.d.b.ai
guildinfo.details.bot.prefix                     : guildinfo.d.b.p
guildinfo.details.bot.description                : guildinfo.d.b.d
guildinfo.details.bot.embed_colour               : guildinfo.d.b.ec
guildinfo.details.members.bots                   : guildinfo.d.m.b
guildinfo.details.members.members                : guildinfo.d.m.m
guildinfo.details.members.all                    : guildinfo.d.m.a
guildinfo.details.members.update                 : guildinfo.d.m.u
guildinfo.details.details.streaming              : guildinfo.d.d.s
guildinfo.details.details.online                 : guildinfo.d.d.o
guildinfo.details.details.idle                   : guildinfo.d.d.i
guildinfo.details.details.dnd                    : guildinfo.d.d.d
guildinfo.details.details.offline                : guildinfo.d.d.of
guildinfo.details.details.update                 : guildinfo.d.d.u
guildinfo.details.channels.categories            : guildinfo.d.c.c
guildinfo.details.channels.voice                 : guildinfo.d.c.v
guildinfo.details.channels.text                  : guildinfo.d.c.t
guildinfo.details.channels.update                : guildinfo.d.c.u
guildinfo.details.donations                      : guildinfo.d.de
guildinfo.details.invites                        : guildinfo.d.i

guildinfo.analytics.enabled                      : guildinfo.a.e

guildinfo.rules.send_join                        : guildinfo.r.sj
guildinfo.rules.rules                            : guildinfo.r.r

guildinfo.channels.black.enabled                 : guildinfo.ch.b.e
guildinfo.channels.black.channels                : guildinfo.ch.b.c
guildinfo.channels.white.enabled                 : guildinfo.ch.w.e
guildinfo.channels.white.channels                : guildinfo.ch.w.c
guildinfo.channels.bypass                        : guildinfo.ch.by

guildinfo.server_lock.whitelist.enabled          : guildinfo.sl.wl.e
guildinfo.server_lock.whitelist.users            : guildinfo.sl.wl.u
guildinfo.server_lock.pass.enabled               : guildinfo.sl.p.e
guildinfo.server_lock.pass.hash                  : guildinfo.sl.p.h

guildinfo.staff.users                            : guildinfo.st.u
guildinfo.staff.allow_ping_command               : guildinfo.st.ap

guildinfo.tempchannel.enabled                    : guildinfo.tc.e
guildinfo.tempchannel.auto_purge                 : guildinfo.tc.ap
guildinfo.tempchannel.category                   : guildinfo.tc.c

guildinfo.autorole.enabled                       : guildinfo.ar.e
guildinfo.autorole.roles                         : guildinfo.ar.r

guildinfo.role_react                             : guildinfo.rr

guildinfo.leaver.enabled                         : guildinfo.l.e
guildinfo.leaver.channel                         : guildinfo.l.c
guildinfo.leaver.embed                           : guildinfo.l.em
guildinfo.leaver.text                            : guildinfo.l.t

guildinfo.freerole.enabled                       : guildinfo.fr.e
guildinfo.freerole.roles                         : guildinfo.fr.r

guildinfo.timeroles.enabled                      : guildinfo.tr.e
guildinfo.timeroles.roles                        : guildinfo.tr.r

guildinfo.name_purge.enabled                     : guildinfo.np.e
guildinfo.name_purge.ignore_bots                 : guildinfo.np.i
guildinfo.name_purge.filter                      : guildinfo.np.f

guildinfo.welcomer.general.channel               : guildinfo.w.g.c
guildinfo.welcomer.general.embed                 : guildinfo.w.g.e
guildinfo.welcomer.general.badges                : guildinfo.w.g.b
guildinfo.welcomer.general.invited               : guildinfo.w.g.i
guildinfo.welcomer.general.icon_type             : guildinfo.w.g.it
guildinfo.welcomer.images.enabled                : guildinfo.w.i.e
guildinfo.welcomer.images.background             : guildinfo.w.i.bg
guildinfo.welcomer.images.border                 : guildinfo.w.i.b
guildinfo.welcomer.images.colours.text_border    : guildinfo.w.i.c.bo
guildinfo.welcomer.images.colours.text_back      : guildinfo.w.i.c.b
guildinfo.welcomer.images.colours.profile_border : guildinfo.w.i.c.pb
guildinfo.welcomer.images.colours.image_border   : guildinfo.w.i.c.ib
guildinfo.welcomer.images.align                  : guildinfo.w.i.a
guildinfo.welcomer.images.theme                  : guildinfo.w.i.t
guildinfo.welcomer.images.message                : guildinfo.w.i.m
guildinfo.welcomer.text.enabled                  : guildinfo.w.t.e
guildinfo.welcomer.text.message                  : guildinfo.w.t.m
guildinfo.welcomer.text.custom_embed_enable      : guildinfo.w.t.ce
guildinfo.welcomer.text.custom_embed.title       : guildinfo.w.t.c.t
guildinfo.welcomer.text.custom_embed.thumbnail   : guildinfo.w.t.c.th
guildinfo.welcomer.text.custom_embed.content     : guildinfo.w.t.c.co
guildinfo.welcomer.text.custom_embed.colour      : guildinfo.w.t.c.c
guildinfo.welcomer.text.custom_embed.footer      : guildinfo.w.t.c.f
guildinfo.welcomer.dm.enabled                    : guildinfo.w.dm.e
guildinfo.welcomer.dm.message                    : guildinfo.w.dm.m
guildinfo.welcomer.dm.embed                      : guildinfo.w.dm.em

guildinfo.stats.enabled                          : guildinfo.s.e
guildinfo.stats.category                         : guildinfo.s.ca
guildinfo.stats.channels                         : guildinfo.s.c

guildinfo.automod.enabled                        : guildinfo.am.e
guildinfo.automod.general.invites                : guildinfo.am.g.i
guildinfo.automod.general.urlredirect            : guildinfo.am.g.ur
guildinfo.automod.general.ipgrabbers             : guildinfo.am.g.ig
guildinfo.automod.general.masscaps               : guildinfo.am.g.mc
guildinfo.automod.general.massmention            : guildinfo.am.g.mm
guildinfo.automod.general.profanity              : guildinfo.am.g.p
guildinfo.automod.general.filter                 : guildinfo.am.g.f
guildinfo.automod.threshold.mention              : guildinfo.am.t.m
guildinfo.automod.threshold.caps                 : guildinfo.am.t.c
guildinfo.automod.filter                         : guildinfo.am.f
guildinfo.automod.regex                          : guildinfo.am.r
guildinfo.automod.smartmod                       : guildinfo.am.sm
guildinfo.automod.auto_slowmode                  : guildinfo.am.as
guildinfo.automod.slow_exception                 : guildinfo.am.se

guildinfo.borderwall.enabled                     : guildinfo.bw.e
guildinfo.borderwall.role                        : guildinfo.bw.r
guildinfo.borderwall.channel                     : guildinfo.bw.c
guildinfo.borderwall.dms                         : guildinfo.bw.d
guildinfo.borderwall.message                     : guildinfo.bw.m
guildinfo.borderwall.message_verify              : guildinfo.bw.mv

guildinfo.custom_commands                        : guildinfo.cc

guildinfo.music.djs.enabled                      : guildinfo.m.d.e
guildinfo.music.djs.list                         : guildinfo.m.d.l
guildinfo.music.skiptype                         : guildinfo.m.st
guildinfo.music.threshold                        : guildinfo.m.vp

guildinfo.polls                                  : guildinfo.p

guildinfo.logs.enabled                           : guildinfo.lo.e
guildinfo.logs.audit                             : guildinfo.lo.a
guildinfo.logs.chat.enabled                      : guildinfo.lo.c.e
guildinfo.logs.chat.channels                     : guildinfo.lo.c.c
guildinfo.logs.moderation                        : guildinfo.lo.m

===================================================================

userinfo.id                             : userinfo.id

userinfo.general.data_version           : userinfo.g.dv
userinfo.general.general.avatar         : userinfo.g.g.a
userinfo.general.general.name           : userinfo.g.g.n
userinfo.general.general.discriminator  : userinfo.g.g.d
userinfo.general.general.user_creation  : userinfo.g.g.uc
userinfo.general.general.user_addition  : userinfo.g.g.ua
userinfo.general.general.update         : userinfo.g.g.u
userinfo.general.general.mutual.update  : userinfo.g.g.m.u
userinfo.general.bot.locale             : userinfo.g.b.l
userinfo.general.bot.background         : userinfo.g.b.bg
userinfo.general.bot.hide_mutual        : userinfo.g.b.hm
userinfo.general.bot.prefer_dms         : userinfo.g.b.pd

userinfo.reputation.last                : userinfo.r.l
userinfo.reputation.rep                 : userinfo.r.r

userinfo.membership.plus.has            : userinfo.m.plus.h
userinfo.membership.plus.until          : userinfo.m.plus.u
userinfo.membership.plus.patreon        : userinfo.m.plus.p
userinfo.membership.pro.has             : userinfo.m.pro.h
userinfo.membership.pro.until           : userinfo.m.pro.u
userinfo.membership.pro.patreon         : userinfo.m.pro.p
userinfo.membership.extended.has        : userinfo.m.extended.h
userinfo.membership.extended.until      : userinfo.m.extended.u
userinfo.membership.extended.patreon    : userinfo.m.extended.p
userinfo.membership.servers             : userinfo.m.s

userinfo.badges                         : userinfo.b